bicycle bicycle bicycle I want to ride
my i won
to ride my bicycle I want to ride my
bike I want to ride my bike I won't you
ride it where I love the cruiser aspect
i also like the assist on it it's just
it's just more fun I've always wanted to
do a lot of bike riding and I have very
strong legs and my husband wanted to be
able to keep up with me
I like the fact that people notice it
and they say something when you're going
by you know hey that's a cool bike you
know especially the little kids I'm just
amazed the little kids
another but five what can I say as I
told Don I couldn't be doing this if it
wasn't for these bikes so now we just
throw we have we do our little tours we
have fun all day long we come home and
we're still refreshing the fact that I
can ride forever and not worry about
getting tired out because there's Hills
on the way
this gives us a chance to get together
and have some fun and and at the end of
the ride everybody had a good time one
of the things I've noticed about all the
electric bike riders particularly pedigo
people there are all the nicest people
in the world we don't we've never had a
customer that wasn't just super nice I
think we got the potential here with the
first group of the pedigo owners group I
think we can see these clubs opening all
over the country we have several
volunteers in other parts of the country
that are already forming groups and we
see visiting groups a lot of the folks
here asking about racks so they can go
and explore other parts of California
and other parts of the country